gh-84978: Add float.from_number() and complex.from_number() (#26827)
python/cpython: Doc/library/functions.rst

   to :meth:`~object.__float__`.  If :meth:`!__float__` is not defined then it falls back
   to :meth:`~object.__index__`.

>    See also :meth:`complex.from_number` which only accept single numeric argument.

Reviewer: Grammar nitpick:
```suggestion
   See also :meth:`complex.from_number` which only accepts a single numeric argument.
```

   ``x.__float__()``.  If :meth:`~object.__float__` is not defined then it falls back
   to :meth:`~object.__index__`.

>    See also :meth:`float.from_number` which only accept numeric argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   See also :meth:`float.from_number` which only accepts a numeric argument.
```
